About The Role

We are seeking a passionate and skilled Senior Data Engineer who thrives on solving complex challenges and building scalable, high-performance systems. We are committed to staying at the forefront of emerging technologies and encourage our team to use innovative solutions to address real-world problems. Our collaborative environment empowers engineers to take ownership of their work, make meaningful contributions, and continuously push the boundaries of what's possible in the ever-evolving messaging space.

Cloud Technology – our infrastructure is 100% on AWS with serverless architecture.
Big Data – we are building modern data pipelines by leveraging Kafka, Spark and Airflow.
Information Security – all our processes comply with InfoSec standards.
Multinational Culture – we work as a team to get the job done across three continents.

Qualifications

4+ years of software engineering experience with large-scale, multi-threaded, and distributed systems using Java.
Strong fundamentals in algorithms and data structures.
Deep understanding of distributed batch and streaming data processing systems (Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, ElasticSearch).
Practical knowledge of workflow management tools (Airflow, Oozie) with scripting experience (Python, Bash).
Confidence with handling data in both SQL and NoSQL databases (MySQL, Redis).
Be an advocate for performance optimization, unit testing (JUnit, Mockito), and automation.
Experience with AWS cloud technologies (EMR, S3, MSK).
Solid experience in the Linux environment.
Familiarity with Agile software development and best practices.
Knowledge of Machine Learning (PyTorch, Scikit-Learn) is a plus.

Pay range and compensation package

Basic Salary Range: $115,000- $150,000 annually. The salary may be adjusted within this range based on the candidate's qualifications, experience and specific needs of the job.
This position is eligible for an annual bonus percentage based on Company and team performance goals.
Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Retirement Plan (401k, IRA)
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&D)
Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick & Public Holidays)
Training & Development
Equipment Provided: Yes
… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k), Medical insurance, Vision insurance, Dental insurance
